2010-07-07 08:41:53 -!- cdl_ [~chatzilla@cpe-66-75-18-43.san.res.rr.com] has joined #SDCS
2010-07-07 08:42:46 < cdl_> Trying out the ChatZilla plugin for Firefox.  Seems to work.
2010-07-07 08:44:12 < cdl_> off again
2010-07-07 08:44:26 -!- cdl_ [~chatzilla@cpe-66-75-18-43.san.res.rr.com] has left #SDCS []
2010-07-07 10:49:31 -!- Irssi: #SDCS: Total of 4 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 4 normal]
2010-07-07 15:03:25 -!- You're now known as augmented4th
2010-07-07 15:04:47 -!- Irssi: #SDCS: Total of 4 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 4 normal]
2010-07-07 15:58:30 -!- tessier [~treed@mail.copilotco.com] has quit [Quit: Changing server]
2010-07-07 16:03:18 -!- Irssi: #SDCS: Total of 3 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 3 normal]
2010-07-07 16:05:41 -!- tessier [~treed@mail.copilotco.com] has joined #SDCS
2010-07-07 16:06:43 -!- Irssi: #SDCS: Total of 4 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 4 normal]
2010-07-07 16:53:40  * augmented4th leaves work now; see you guys at 8
2010-07-07 16:54:33 < augmented4th> might be a few minutes late, but I'm running straight to a Starbucks after my 7-8pm class is over
2010-07-07 16:55:00 -!- You're now known as aug4_away
2010-07-07 17:03:22 < tessier> ok
2010-07-07 18:45:13 < pacneil> ok
2010-07-07 18:46:05 < pacneil> anybody save the agenda list for tonight? :-)
2010-07-07 19:48:38 -!- cdl_ [~chatzilla@cpe-66-75-18-43.san.res.rr.com] has joined #SDCS
2010-07-07 19:51:05 < pacneil> cdl_: hi!
2010-07-07 19:52:09 < cdl_> hello.  I'm here.
2010-07-07 19:58:58 < pacneil> As soon at Bryan comes back online we can start
2010-07-07 20:00:46 < pacneil> I suggest that we discuss what we want to do,. If  a vote needs to be taken, the secretary can make note of it, and we can vote right before the meeting tomorrow night. If that's acceptable to everyone.
2010-07-07 20:03:09 < cdl_> I don't see more than three people attached at the moment.  Should we start from the agenda you proposed on July 1?
2010-07-07 20:04:26 < tessier> Buenas noches
2010-07-07 20:04:49 < pacneil> hasty lambago
2010-07-07 20:04:56 < tessier> Do we need a quorum for this? Only for voting right?
2010-07-07 20:04:56 -!- Alowishus [~jpenix@99-150-248-225.lightspeed.sndgca.sbcglobal.net] has joined #SDCS
2010-07-07 20:05:09 < tessier> Alowishus: hola
2010-07-07 20:05:18 < Alowishus> Hey all, just checking in to verify that I'm *not* actually a board member :)
2010-07-07 20:05:23 < pacneil> only for voting i believe
2010-07-07 20:05:37 < tessier> Alowishus: We elected you president in-absentia.
2010-07-07 20:05:40 < tessier> Enjoy
2010-07-07 20:05:40 < Alowishus> shit
2010-07-07 20:05:55 < Alowishus> dirty trick
2010-07-07 20:06:26 < pacneil> we're shameless
2010-07-07 20:06:43 < Alowishus> how many DaL's are there, and how does that effect quorum?
2010-07-07 20:07:15 < Alowishus> I know there are *supposed* to be 8, but wondering how many we actually have :)
2010-07-07 20:07:28 < Alowishus> Obviously one goal of bylaw change would be to downsize that significantly...
2010-07-07 20:07:57 < pacneil> yeah, I think that's going to be one of the first things on the agenda
2010-07-07 20:08:20 < Alowishus> hm, would it be helpful to put Claypool in here to log the meeting?
2010-07-07 20:08:21 < pacneil> What are your thoughts about the appropriate number of DaL's?
2010-07-07 20:08:26 < Alowishus> or someone doing it in their client?
2010-07-07 20:08:42 < pacneil> I hope the secretary is logging. :-)
2010-07-07 20:09:15 < Alowishus> I wonder whether *any* are necessary... I was supportive of DaL's when there were SIGs, assuming that SIG presidents/reps filled them
2010-07-07 20:09:19 < Alowishus> but taht didn't happen, and now there aren't sigs
2010-07-07 20:09:28 < Alowishus> so is there a purpose?  just to keep the 4 execs in check?
2010-07-07 20:10:02 < cdl_> Yes Director-at-Large seems absolutely superfluous.  Unless there are volunteers who want to sit in on board meetings.
2010-07-07 20:10:29 < Alowishus> I don't see a reason to stop volunteers from sitting in... but if they're given DaL's in the bylaws, then they can screw up quorum
2010-07-07 20:10:42 -!- You're now known as augmented4th
2010-07-07 20:10:45 < augmented4th> hi all
2010-07-07 20:10:48 < augmented4th> sorry I'm late
2010-07-07 20:10:55 < Alowishus> ADJOURNED 8:10PM
2010-07-07 20:10:57 < pacneil> Meetings have to be public, by law, I believe
2010-07-07 20:11:11 < pacneil> just in time to adjourn!
2010-07-07 20:11:11 < Alowishus> pacneil: well isn't there a public portion and then tehre can be a private "executive session" IIRC
2010-07-07 20:11:17 < augmented4th> I think we need to go down to 4 DaLs
2010-07-07 20:11:32 < Alowishus> augmented4th: we were debating whether ANY are necessary at all
2010-07-07 20:11:33 < augmented4th> and I hav no idea why Immediate Past President has to me a board member
2010-07-07 20:11:37 < pacneil> augmented4th: why do we need any?
2010-07-07 20:11:39 < Alowishus> knowledge transfer
2010-07-07 20:11:53 < Alowishus> that's the reason for that, but again, the org is so small that there's not much knowledge to transfer, so IPP is probably useless as well
2010-07-07 20:11:55 < augmented4th> yeah, but there's no way we'll get Dave tokeep coming for a year
2010-07-07 20:12:00 < Alowishus> hah no
2010-07-07 20:12:02 < pacneil> immediate past president probably doesn't even know what IRC is
2010-07-07 20:12:05 < Alowishus> lol
2010-07-07 20:12:08 < augmented4th> zackly
2010-07-07 20:12:23 -!- Irssi: #SDCS: Total of 6 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 6 normal]
2010-07-07 20:12:26 < Alowishus> IPP is more than welcome to help, but again giving them a formal position makes it a quorum problem
2010-07-07 20:12:37 < augmented4th> yep
2010-07-07 20:12:53 < pacneil> Yeah, anything to make a quorom easier is probably a good thing
2010-07-07 20:13:02 < pacneil> IMNSHO
2010-07-07 20:13:06 < cdl_> What kind of a quorum do you need to amend the bylaws to reduce the number of DaL?
2010-07-07 20:13:25 < augmented4th> anyway, before we discuss amendments seriously I think we need to address Article XI of the bylaws
2010-07-07 20:13:31 < Alowishus> and in the past, DaL's did things like membership... which we maybe could use, though I could see maybe having 2 and assigning them administrative duties like webmaster and membership
2010-07-07 20:13:45 < augmented4th> any amendments need to be submitted for review for at least 30 days before they can be voted in
2010-07-07 20:14:03 < augmented4th> doesn't mean we can't change that rule in the amendments, but it's how things stand for now
2010-07-07 20:14:10 < Alowishus> is that hte one that requires notifying the whole membership?
2010-07-07 20:14:24 < augmented4th> no, board only
2010-07-07 20:14:33 < Alowishus> k
2010-07-07 20:14:38 < augmented4th> I also reviewed the SIG guidelines
2010-07-07 20:14:46 < augmented4th> fewer things to amend, but still some issues
2010-07-07 20:14:57 < cdl_> Says the amendments should be published on the SDCS website 15 days prior to meeting to vote on them.
2010-07-07 20:15:04 < augmented4th> yeah
2010-07-07 20:15:07 < augmented4th> no problem
2010-07-07 20:15:09 < pacneil> How can we do a web listing of suggested changes to the bylaws?
2010-07-07 20:15:09 < Alowishus> so can you just submit one big fat redline diff and have it voted on next month? :)
2010-07-07 20:15:17 < augmented4th> pretty much
2010-07-07 20:15:29 < pacneil> Has anyone prepared suggestions?
2010-07-07 20:15:37 < augmented4th> but at this point I've just looked at what needs amendment
2010-07-07 20:15:45 < augmented4th> very few places have I proposed specific changes yet
2010-07-07 20:16:29 < pacneil> Where should we start? I have the page up
2010-07-07 20:16:33 < augmented4th> I think we should just go through article by article and see if anybody has any issues
2010-07-07 20:16:39 < pacneil> http://www.sdcs.org/bylaws/
2010-07-07 20:16:54 < augmented4th> A1 shouldn't be contested by anyone :)
2010-07-07 20:17:21 < pacneil> I see nothing to change in Aricle II
2010-07-07 20:17:34 < augmented4th> A2.A.2
2010-07-07 20:17:40 < augmented4th> "web based user forum"?
2010-07-07 20:17:52 < pacneil> did they ever have that?
2010-07-07 20:17:57 < Alowishus> yes
2010-07-07 20:17:57 < augmented4th> I suppose that function is fulfilled by -list
2010-07-07 20:18:01 < Alowishus> MUG did
2010-07-07 20:18:05 < Alowishus> was retarded
2010-07-07 20:18:13 < augmented4th> but again that's a SIG thing and not SDCS
2010-07-07 20:18:24 < augmented4th> I'd suggest we strike that phrase entirely
2010-07-07 20:18:36 < pacneil> I'm not a fan of web-based user forums
2010-07-07 20:18:51 < augmented4th> user forum isn't nbecessary for general SDCS stuff
2010-07-07 20:18:58 < Alowishus> mailing list is sufficient
2010-07-07 20:19:09 < pacneil> I agree
2010-07-07 20:19:09 < Alowishus> and hey, mailing list has web archives so I say it qualifies current bylaws
2010-07-07 20:19:10 < augmented4th> I don't see we ever need to have a "user mtg" (as opposed to board) any time other than the yearly elections
2010-07-07 20:19:19 < Alowishus> definitely should be removed
2010-07-07 20:19:39 < pacneil> Section  B may need  to be amended
2010-07-07 20:19:54 < cdl_> Need to have a user meeting to vote on changing bylaws.
2010-07-07 20:19:54 < augmented4th> secB is part of A3
2010-07-07 20:20:07 < pacneil> sorry, you're right
2010-07-07 20:20:10 -!- Irssi: #SDCS: Total of 6 nicks [0 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 6 normal]
2010-07-07 20:20:13 < Alowishus> KPLUG meeting now counts as user meeting, yah?
2010-07-07 20:20:15 < augmented4th> is tessier around?
2010-07-07 20:20:22 < augmented4th> he shoudl be taking notes, as secretary
2010-07-07 20:20:33 < Alowishus> figure he's logging IRC
2010-07-07 20:20:41 < Alowishus> that's sufficient, no? :)
2010-07-07 20:20:46 < augmented4th> Alowishus: no, we just convene an SDCS meeeting separately for elections like we did a couple months ago
2010-07-07 20:21:10 < augmented4th> well, he'll need to prepare a redued transcript as minutes I think
2010-07-07 20:21:16 < Alowishus> sure
2010-07-07 20:21:25 < Alowishus> but that can be done later, given the chatlog
2010-07-07 20:21:34 < augmented4th> yeah
2010-07-07 20:21:41 < cdl_> Note our insurance agent doesn't think that KPLUG meetings are SDCS meetings.  We have to pretend that they are.
2010-07-07 20:21:54 < augmented4th> but I think there's a bylaw that it be produced w/in 48 hours or something
2010-07-07 20:22:06 < augmented4th> well, I don't think we're to the insurance yet
2010-07-07 20:22:17 < augmented4th> that's in the SIG guildelines
2010-07-07 20:22:24 < tessier> I am around and logging.
2010-07-07 20:22:43 < pacneil> Article II Section A
2010-07-07 20:22:52 < pacneil> Any changes?
2010-07-07 20:23:02 < augmented4th> just remove "wed-based user forum" from #2
2010-07-07 20:23:06 < augmented4th> web*
2010-07-07 20:23:27 < pacneil> who maintains the web site?
2010-07-07 20:23:48 < augmented4th> I do, and Alowishus 
2010-07-07 20:23:53 < pacneil> maybe that person could produce the redlined version
2010-07-07 20:24:04 < augmented4th> both of us have credentials to change stuff
2010-07-07 20:24:10 < augmented4th> k
2010-07-07 20:24:22 < Alowishus> I'll send a copy to tessier too since it should sit with the secretaryΩ
2010-07-07 20:24:28 < Alowishus> (the info)
2010-07-07 20:24:44 < pacneil> Article II Section A changes?
2010-07-07 20:24:50 < pacneil> oops
2010-07-07 20:24:54 < pacneil> Article III Section A changes?
2010-07-07 20:25:02 < augmented4th> don't see any
2010-07-07 20:25:26 < pacneil> Article III Section B?
2010-07-07 20:25:55 < cdl_> No Family Members, Youth Members.  Maybe no Honorary Members.
2010-07-07 20:26:02 < augmented4th> no notes there, though I think we might want to explicitly cancel any previously-granted honorary memberships
2010-07-07 20:26:08 < augmented4th> given that we don't know who might hold them
2010-07-07 20:26:26 < pacneil> Corporate Members?
2010-07-07 20:26:27 < augmented4th> might just be something we append to the end
2010-07-07 20:26:45 < augmented4th> that language seems fine to me
2010-07-07 20:26:50 < augmented4th> doubt we'll ever have any, tho
2010-07-07 20:27:00 < cdl_> Are there any Afiliated SIGs in the future?
2010-07-07 20:27:05 < tessier> If the bylaws do not recognize such members anymore I think their memberships are cancelled.
2010-07-07 20:27:11 < augmented4th> I think we need to provide for that eventuality
2010-07-07 20:27:36 < augmented4th> tessier: so are you suggesting we cancel the whole class of honorary members"
2010-07-07 20:27:37 < tessier> Does KPLUG really want to be in that business?
2010-07-07 20:27:37 < augmented4th> ?
2010-07-07 20:27:55 < tessier> augmented4th: I don't have string feelings about it either way but whatever makes things easier/simpler for us is good.
2010-07-07 20:27:58 < cdl_> Are there any known honorary members?
2010-07-07 20:28:00 < augmented4th> I menat the eventuality of more affiliated SIGs
2010-07-07 20:28:03 < tessier> oh
2010-07-07 20:28:33 < tessier> I think we probably don't need to wrangle with affiliated sigs or honorary members.
2010-07-07 20:28:34 < pacneil> So to reiterate, remove Section B2, B3 and B4
2010-07-07 20:28:47 < pacneil> ??
2010-07-07 20:28:50 < augmented4th> well, maybe we shoudl just strike the "except for honorary..." phrase from III/A/2
2010-07-07 20:28:51 < tessier> Given the trend of sigs going away and none but kplug sticking around.
2010-07-07 20:29:36 < augmented4th> B4 is all we really need to strike
2010-07-07 20:29:47 < augmented4th> B2 and B3 are fine, since they aren't lifetime
2010-07-07 20:30:00 < augmented4th> so we don't have to have record of any past members in those categoriez
2010-07-07 20:30:04 < augmented4th> -Z+s
2010-07-07 20:30:06 < pacneil> inactive within SDCS or an affiliated SIG for a period of five years
2010-07-07 20:30:34 < augmented4th> but we can't be sure of that status for another 5 years
2010-07-07 20:30:37 < pacneil> any lifetime member have attended a meeting in the last five years?
2010-07-07 20:30:42 < augmented4th> no ideas
2010-07-07 20:30:54 < pacneil> Yeah, I wonder if there is a list somewhere?
2010-07-07 20:31:20 < tessier> If there is a paper copy (which I doubt) it would be in my garage.
2010-07-07 20:31:30 < pacneil> Perhaps we need to put some kind of announcement on the web site, before canceling lifetime membershiops
2010-07-07 20:31:55 < pacneil> reminding members they must attend a meeting of KPLUG to keep their membership
2010-07-07 20:32:02 < pacneil> constructive notice
2010-07-07 20:32:05 < pacneil> and all that
2010-07-07 20:32:53 < augmented4th> but would we have record of anybody having been granted honorary membership?
2010-07-07 20:33:03 < Alowishus> probably was marked as such in the database
2010-07-07 20:33:13 < Alowishus> Mac people had digital DB, not sure how it was transferred to Lan's board
2010-07-07 20:33:16 < augmented4th> I suggest we just strike the whole category and forget about having to care :)
2010-07-07 20:33:28 < Alowishus> I know there was discussion about it, format conversion and such
2010-07-07 20:33:32 < Alowishus> Maybe a printed copy was the answer
2010-07-07 20:34:48 < cdl_> Are we ready for Article III Section C Dues?
2010-07-07 20:35:31 < augmented4th> well, have we decided what to change in 3/A abd 3/B?
2010-07-07 20:36:10 < augmented4th> I suggest we strike 3/a/2 "except for honorary..." and 3/b/4
2010-07-07 20:36:19 < augmented4th> (the latter in its entirety
2010-07-07 20:36:21 < augmented4th> )
2010-07-07 20:37:34 < cdl_> Do we need Family Members and Youth Student Members  III/B/2 III/B/3?  This feeds forward into the Dues section.
2010-07-07 20:38:29 < pacneil> I think we no longer need Family or Youth Members,
2010-07-07 20:38:33 < augmented4th> I don't see any problem with those categories, but reducing from $6 annually does seem rather silly
2010-07-07 20:40:42 < pacneil> I'm for simplifying it as much as possible
2010-07-07 20:40:58 < augmented4th> k, then take them out
2010-07-07 20:41:13 < augmented4th> realize we're <20% through and it's been half an hour since I got here
2010-07-07 20:41:32 < cdl_> Slash and burn
2010-07-07 20:41:38 < augmented4th> cdl_++
2010-07-07 20:42:01 < augmented4th> 3/b/2-4: gone
2010-07-07 20:42:28 < pacneil> yeah, it's slow going
2010-07-07 20:42:58 < pacneil> Article III Section C, changes?
2010-07-07 20:43:04 < cdl_> I'm ready for 3/C: dues   Recommend deleting all reference to percentage adjustment of regular member fees.  Just one fee per person.
2010-07-07 20:43:10 < augmented4th> 3/c/1: just needs the first sentence
2010-07-07 20:43:30 < augmented4th> and 3/c/2: gone
2010-07-07 20:43:53 < pacneil> are SIG Guidelines going to continue?
2010-07-07 20:44:04 < augmented4th> though I'm not quite sure where the STanding Rules are (#3)
2010-07-07 20:44:20 < augmented4th> yes, there are important things in SIG guidelines that aren't in bylaws
2010-07-07 20:44:29 < augmented4th> we'll be rendering a lot of it moot, but not all of it
2010-07-07 20:44:40 < pacneil> OK, just wondering, I haven't looked at them in a while
2010-07-07 20:44:41 < cdl_> Note I have two different copies of SIG Guidelines.  One has a lot of red-letter changes but I don't know if it was ever adopted.
2010-07-07 20:44:53 < augmented4th> I just printed the SIG Guidelines PDf this afternoon
2010-07-07 20:45:01 < augmented4th> straight off the Web
2010-07-07 20:45:07 < augmented4th> tho I didn't see any STanding RUles
2010-07-07 20:45:15 < pacneil> Maybe we need Article II Section C.3
2010-07-07 20:45:23 < pacneil> Maybe we need Article III Section C.3
2010-07-07 20:45:30 < pacneil> I can't seem to type III
2010-07-07 20:45:33 < Alowishus> the one that's historically been given out is http://www.sdcs.org/SIG-Guidelines.pdf
2010-07-07 20:45:35 < pacneil> for some reason
2010-07-07 20:45:39 < augmented4th> yes, but I'm not sure where the SRs are to which it refers
2010-07-07 20:46:01 < augmented4th> 3/c/4 should be kept too
2010-07-07 20:46:55 < pacneil> Maybe we should say something like "Dues will be payable in advance, at rates decided by the board"
2010-07-07 20:46:58 < augmented4th> aha: http://www.sdcs.org/minutes/20080730_board_minutes_e4.rtf
2010-07-07 20:47:10 < cdl_> I have a printed copy of SDCS Board Standing Rules dated July 30 2008.  With some penciled-in changes.
2010-07-07 20:47:43 < augmented4th> SRs are another 3-page doc
2010-07-07 20:48:07 < Alowishus> heh sounds like another project by whassisface
2010-07-07 20:48:16 < augmented4th> or, at least, OO.o renders the RTF as 3 pages without modification :)
2010-07-07 20:48:17 < pacneil> nice, something for another meeting
2010-07-07 20:49:08 < augmented4th> SRs don't even mention the "rates" to which Bylaws 3/c/3 refer
2010-07-07 20:49:15 < tessier> Speaking of whassisface, Lance was supposed to meet up with me at some point after the last election to "brief" me on what he had been up to. But he has never responded to emails requesting we make good on that meeting. I don't really see that he has anything important for me so I'm going to let it go.
2010-07-07 20:49:44 < pacneil> so wee need to leave Article III Section C: 3 for now?
2010-07-07 20:49:46 < cdl_> By the way, SIG guidlines say $6.00 for SDCS membership plus whatever else the SIG wants to charge for itself.
2010-07-07 20:49:47 < augmented4th> tessier: I move we excise all trace of Lance entirely, from this second forward
2010-07-07 20:49:55 < Alowishus> heee
2010-07-07 20:50:00 < pacneil> hehehe
2010-07-07 20:50:10 < pacneil> could be a long meeting
2010-07-07 20:51:11 < pacneil> So Article III Secions C will contain only the first sentence in 1, 3  and 4?
2010-07-07 20:51:29 < pacneil> That didn't come out so clearly
2010-07-07 20:51:51 < augmented4th> 3/c/3 just needs the first phrase (up until the comma)
2010-07-07 20:51:59 < cdl_> Rates are not stated in Standing Rules, but in SIG Guidelines.  A pointer to the wrong place.
2010-07-07 20:52:02 < augmented4th> but sentece 11 of 3/c/1 and all of 3/c/4
2010-07-07 20:52:33 < augmented4th> cdl_: good point, just change that to the right document rather than strike the second half
2010-07-07 20:53:16 < cdl_> Makes it agree with 3/c/1 which says SIG Guidelines.  And sort of redundant.
2010-07-07 20:53:33 < pacneil> so the new sentence should read "Dues will be payable in advance, at rates as stated in the SIG Guidelines ?
2010-07-07 20:53:40 < cdl_> good
2010-07-07 20:53:59 < pacneil> On to Article IV?
2010-07-07 20:54:07 < augmented4th> yes, please
2010-07-07 20:54:26 < cdl_> Do we have and or need a Budget & Finance Committee?
2010-07-07 20:54:40 < augmented4th> The only note I have in IV is 4/a/7's reference to the Audit Committee
2010-07-07 20:54:41 < pacneil> I don't think so
2010-07-07 20:55:08 < augmented4th> ah, yeah
2010-07-07 20:55:31 < augmented4th> "November Board meeting" should be changed to "penultimate scheduled Board meeting"
2010-07-07 20:55:46 < pacneil> The annual budget for the upcoming fiscal year shall be prepared and approved by the board at the November meeting?
2010-07-07 20:55:59 < augmented4th> like hell we're going to meet monthly
2010-07-07 20:56:26 < augmented4th> just say the second-to-last regularly scheduled meeting of the year, like my wording above states
2010-07-07 20:56:32 < cdl_> 4/A/2 says that the annual budget shall be presented by the B&F committee.  Maybe the Secretary can act as the B&F Committee, since there are not very many people to form a committee from.
2010-07-07 20:56:42 < pacneil> augmented4th: that's fine too
2010-07-07 20:56:56 < augmented4th> I think the treasurer is a better presenter than the secretary for budget issues
2010-07-07 20:57:00 < cdl_> Or the Treasurer, more likely, being closely involved in the flow of money.
2010-07-07 20:57:37 < pacneil> I see nothing else that needs change until Article IV, Section A:7
2010-07-07 20:57:56 < augmented4th> agreed
2010-07-07 20:58:08 < augmented4th> do we strike 7 entirely, or do we provide for some form of auditing?
2010-07-07 20:58:18 < augmented4th> is that a requirement for 501(c)3 status?
2010-07-07 20:58:22 < pacneil> we don't need no Audit Committee
2010-07-07 20:58:32 < tessier> I agree the Treasurer would do it better.
2010-07-07 20:58:49 < augmented4th> but we can't have the treasurer audit his own work
2010-07-07 20:58:55 < augmented4th> brb...
2010-07-07 20:58:56 < cdl_> The treasurer can not audit himself.  But some other member could.
2010-07-07 20:59:10 < pacneil> Maybe they should audited by some independent person?
2010-07-07 20:59:20 < pacneil> or two
2010-07-07 20:59:27 < pacneil> Maybe two other officers
2010-07-07 20:59:31 < cdl_> Appoint an ad hoc audit committee of one or two.
2010-07-07 21:00:26 < pacneil> The Treasurer's books shall be audited by an ad hoc committee consisting of two board officers
2010-07-07 21:00:46 < pacneil> The Treasurer shall  not be a member of this committee
2010-07-07 21:00:52 < cdl_> good.  on to the next Article
2010-07-07 21:01:13 < pacneil> Aricle V Section A
2010-07-07 21:01:31 < cdl_> four plus eight does not equal thirteen.
2010-07-07 21:01:40 < augmented4th> includes immediate past president
2010-07-07 21:02:16 < augmented4th> but not explicitly stated there anyway
2010-07-07 21:03:32 < pacneil> how should we change it?
2010-07-07 21:04:01 < augmented4th> We do need DaLs, but not eight
2010-07-07 21:04:03 < cdl_> Officers and directors shall consist of President, Vice President, Secretary, Treasurer, and two or more Directors at Large.
2010-07-07 21:04:24 < augmented4th> the DaLs should basically be the SIG representatives
2010-07-07 21:04:33 < pacneil> do we have two now?
2010-07-07 21:04:41 < augmented4th> I think "2+" is too ambiguous
2010-07-07 21:04:48 < augmented4th> we have 4 now
2010-07-07 21:04:56 < augmented4th> Frojon, Chris, Rod, Josh
2010-07-07 21:05:02 < pacneil> OK!
2010-07-07 21:05:03 < Alowishus> -Josh
2010-07-07 21:05:05 < augmented4th> though Chris's term at least is over
2010-07-07 21:05:13 < Alowishus> unless I'm mistaken, my 2yrs ran out
2010-07-07 21:05:13 < cdl_> I think we don't have to put an upper limit on the number of DaLs.  We don't have any SIG representatives because we don't have any SIGs to represent??
2010-07-07 21:05:24 < Alowishus> I'm happy to re-serve until it's changed, but I think technically I don't count (like Chris)
2010-07-07 21:05:46 < pacneil> maybe we should word it that there should be one DaL for each SIG?
2010-07-07 21:05:53 < augmented4th> cdl_: just providing for the eventuality of more SIGs in future
2010-07-07 21:05:55 < Alowishus> Like I said, could keep two slots and for now fill them with admin duties
2010-07-07 21:06:04 < cdl_> Do we have DaLs like WebMaster (ex officio)?
2010-07-07 21:06:12 < augmented4th> yeah, I think "2" is fine
2010-07-07 21:06:16 < Alowishus> I'd prefer not to have to change DaL count based on SIG count
2010-07-07 21:06:25 < augmented4th> nah, that's the Internet Committee, which we'll get to later
2010-07-07 21:06:32 < pacneil> So the board should be 6?
2010-07-07 21:06:37 < augmented4th> pacneil: yes
2010-07-07 21:06:42 < Alowishus> how do we tie break?
2010-07-07 21:06:49 < Alowishus> or is it 5 votes + president for ties?
2010-07-07 21:07:06 < augmented4th> Alowishus: beat the opposing side until they cave
2010-07-07 21:07:08 < pacneil> President isn't supposed to vote, no?
2010-07-07 21:07:12 < Alowishus> lol augmented4th
2010-07-07 21:07:20 < pacneil> or tug of war to decide?
2010-07-07 21:07:24 < Alowishus> oh I guess if president doesn't vote then it's impossible to have tie :)
2010-07-07 21:07:34 < Alowishus> so 6 is happy
2010-07-07 21:07:44 < augmented4th> yeah
2010-07-07 21:07:51 < pacneil> President's job it to preside, yes?
2010-07-07 21:07:58 < tessier> We should be careful of the SDCS/kplug insurance issue as well. If we have SIGs and SIG reps that implies that KPLUG is a SIG of SDCS and then maybe we don't get insurance etc.
2010-07-07 21:08:03 < augmented4th> so, with Chris & Josh's terms expiring we're at 6 and fine until next year
2010-07-07 21:08:14 < tessier> We either fix the insurance or plan to rename SDCS to KPLUG or vice versa and get it all straight and legit.
2010-07-07 21:08:21 < pacneil> works for me
2010-07-07 21:08:37 < pacneil> SDCS/KPLUG Meeting for now
2010-07-07 21:08:38 < augmented4th> tho next year we'll have to elect a one-year and a two-year term to get us back for alternating terms for the future
2010-07-07 21:09:14 < Alowishus> are alternating terms necessary?  or can it just go 1-yr everyone?
2010-07-07 21:09:37 < augmented4th> I like the DaLs with alternating terms for continuity
2010-07-07 21:09:44 < Alowishus> k
2010-07-07 21:09:57 < pacneil> any changes to Article V Section B?
2010-07-07 21:10:00 < augmented4th> granted, it'll only be one member continuity each year unless an incumbent is elected, but still
2010-07-07 21:10:09 < Alowishus> better than none
2010-07-07 21:10:12 < augmented4th> yep
2010-07-07 21:10:33 < augmented4th> 5/b is all fine
2010-07-07 21:10:44 < pacneil> No more president for life?
2010-07-07 21:10:52 < pacneil> :-)
2010-07-07 21:11:07 < augmented4th> we can have whatever KPLUG officers we want, this is SDCS :)
2010-07-07 21:11:17 < pacneil> Section C changes?
2010-07-07 21:11:31 < augmented4th> 5/c/3: *one* even, *one* odd
2010-07-07 21:12:10 < cdl_> 5/c/1  Not four Directors at Large at each annual meeting.
2010-07-07 21:12:45 < pacneil> One director at large
2010-07-07 21:12:46 < augmented4th> k, One Director there as well
2010-07-07 21:13:00 < cdl_> 5/c/4  do we keep the fiction of affiliated SIGs?
2010-07-07 21:13:20 < augmented4th> yes
2010-07-07 21:13:23 < augmented4th> "just in case"
2010-07-07 21:14:05 < pacneil> in case time  starts to move backwards, we all become younger and SDCS starts to grow. :-)
2010-07-07 21:14:32 < augmented4th> hey, I'm not 29 for another couple weeks... maybe it'll grow in my lifetime :)
2010-07-07 21:15:03 < pacneil> Section C,6 needs to be reworded
2010-07-07 21:15:21 < augmented4th> it seems fine to me
2010-07-07 21:15:33 < augmented4th> probably rarely needs to be referenced anyway
2010-07-07 21:16:05 < pacneil> yeah, you're probably right
2010-07-07 21:16:13 < pacneil> Section D?
2010-07-07 21:16:15 < cdl_> Finished with 5/c yet?  On to 5/d Nominating Committee.
2010-07-07 21:16:48 < cdl_> There are too many absolute calendar references in 5/d
2010-07-07 21:16:55 < augmented4th> 5/d/1 should say "first schedule Board meeting of the year"
2010-07-07 21:17:27 < pacneil> Do we even need a nominating committee?
2010-07-07 21:17:45 < pacneil> Maybe the nominating committee is the board
2010-07-07 21:17:47 < augmented4th> no, but 5/d/3 allows for nominations from the floor
2010-07-07 21:17:51 < pacneil> minus the president
2010-07-07 21:18:12 < augmented4th> so whether or not the nominating committee does any work , nominations can still be accepted
2010-07-07 21:18:19 < pacneil> true
2010-07-07 21:18:35 < pacneil> So no changes necessary to Section  D?
2010-07-07 21:19:01 < augmented4th> just removing absolute dates as cdl_ and I have noted
2010-07-07 21:19:26 < pacneil> What about elections in May?
2010-07-07 21:19:34 < pacneil> Should be stick to that specific date?
2010-07-07 21:19:53 < cdl_> The word "elected" in 5/d/1  "shall be elected by the Board" is probably the wrong word.  "selected" would be better.
2010-07-07 21:19:54 < augmented4th> I'll reword that myself & present with changes later
2010-07-07 21:20:08 < augmented4th> cdl_: noted
2010-07-07 21:20:26 < tessier> appointed?
2010-07-07 21:21:09 < pacneil> More discussion on Section D?
2010-07-07 21:21:17 < augmented4th> FYI all, I'm still sitting in a SBUX down the street from my 7-8pm class, so I'll need to at least pause to travel home at 10pm
2010-07-07 21:21:33 < augmented4th> or we can suspend the whole meeting by then
2010-07-07 21:21:41 < pacneil> I have work I need to do at 10PM
2010-07-07 21:22:04 < augmented4th> well, we're not quite half done with the bylaws, so I don't think we'll finish the whole thing by 10
2010-07-07 21:22:30 < pacneil> Needs to be done
2010-07-07 21:22:52 < augmented4th> well, 5/e then?
2010-07-07 21:22:55 < cdl_> On to Section E.  Note that all those who were elected to office recently probably have not fulfilled the requirement if 5/e/1 of written acceptance.
2010-07-07 21:22:57 < pacneil> Maybe we can schedule another meeting later this week or early next, if we don't get finished?
2010-07-07 21:23:22 < augmented4th> 5/e/2: "monthly Board meetings" should just be "regularly scheduled Board meetings"
2010-07-07 21:23:30 < augmented4th> or maybe we should explicitly state quarterly?
2010-07-07 21:24:01 < augmented4th> another meeting to wrap up sounds fine to me, but let's barrel through as much as we can now
2010-07-07 21:24:07 < pacneil> regularly scheduled is better
2010-07-07 21:24:18 < pacneil> some future board may be interested in meeting more often
2010-07-07 21:24:46 < augmented4th> if we stick with "regularly scheduled" we need to somehow say when and how the Board decides how many mtgs/yr to schedule
2010-07-07 21:25:23 < augmented4th> I'll throw that in somewhere
2010-07-07 21:25:55 < cdl_> Regular Meeting scheduling is sort of covered in Article VI Section B.
2010-07-07 21:25:57 < augmented4th> After that, though, I don't see anything else in Article V
2010-07-07 21:26:56 < augmented4th> cdl_: good point, but I'll add a proviso about incoming board choosing how many times to meet at the beginning of their collective term
2010-07-07 21:27:36 < pacneil> Article VI?
2010-07-07 21:27:51 < augmented4th> 6/b: adding the proviso mentioned above
2010-07-07 21:28:05 < augmented4th> 6/d/1: remove reference to other classes of membership
2010-07-07 21:28:24 < augmented4th> other than that, nothing in that Article
2010-07-07 21:28:37 < pacneil> Section C?
2010-07-07 21:28:54 < augmented4th> yeah, that's fine
2010-07-07 21:28:56 < cdl_> 6/b/2 remove "written notice mailed"
2010-07-07 21:28:58 < augmented4th> should we ever need to use it
2010-07-07 21:29:46 < augmented4th> cdl_: why? It's "one of the following ways," so we never have to use that method unless none of the others are successful
2010-07-07 21:29:51 < augmented4th> I like haveing that as a fallback
2010-07-07 21:30:07 < augmented4th> maybe just switch the order of b and c
2010-07-07 21:30:34 < augmented4th> not that any of us has each other's postal addresses anyway
2010-07-07 21:30:37 < pacneil> that makes sense
2010-07-07 21:31:29 < augmented4th> anything else in A6?
2010-07-07 21:32:01 < cdl_> Note quorum requirement implies that there might be more than 500 members.
2010-07-07 21:32:58 < augmented4th> should we change that to 15 or 20?
2010-07-07 21:33:20 < augmented4th> (from 100, I mean, not change the implcation)
2010-07-07 21:33:59 < pacneil> yeah, I think 15 or 20, but we need to pick one. :-)
2010-07-07 21:34:17 < augmented4th> let's say 15 to be safe
2010-07-07 21:34:23 < pacneil> agreed
2010-07-07 21:34:31 < cdl_> 20 members would be realistic in the current situation.  I think we have about 40 or 50 dues-paying members as of a couple of months ago.
2010-07-07 21:34:48 < pacneil> that sounds about right
2010-07-07 21:35:20 < augmented4th> so, 20% of 40 or 50 is '8 or 10'
2010-07-07 21:35:39 < augmented4th> so at that point we're still not even approaching 15
2010-07-07 21:35:43 < pacneil> works for me
2010-07-07 21:35:54 < pacneil> :)
2010-07-07 21:36:01 < augmented4th> A7?
2010-07-07 21:36:08 < augmented4th> 7/a/1: 6, not 13
2010-07-07 21:36:10 < cdl_> On to Article VII.  We get to work again on how many DaL.
2010-07-07 21:36:35 < augmented4th> 7/a/2: remove IPP, 2 DaL
2010-07-07 21:36:43 < cdl_> Do we leave the IPP in for old times sake?
2010-07-07 21:36:48 < augmented4th> no
2010-07-07 21:36:55 < pacneil> why not?
2010-07-07 21:36:55 < augmented4th> because Dave is not coming back
2010-07-07 21:37:05 < pacneil> he's the current IPP
2010-07-07 21:37:09 < augmented4th> right
2010-07-07 21:37:10 < pacneil> what about the future?
2010-07-07 21:37:28 < cdl_> Aren't you pacneil looking forward to being IPP?
2010-07-07 21:37:38 < pacneil> Maybe
2010-07-07 21:37:43 < augmented4th> I suppose, if we can make quorum for a year without ever having IPP present, we could leave it in
2010-07-07 21:37:45 < Alowishus> IPPFL
2010-07-07 21:37:50 < augmented4th> lol
2010-07-07 21:38:01 < pacneil> hehehe
2010-07-07 21:38:24 < augmented4th> and if the incumbent President is elected, is he both Pres and IPP, or do we have to look back to whomever held the office preceding him?
2010-07-07 21:38:44 < augmented4th> probably the latter
2010-07-07 21:38:46 < pacneil> can he be both?
2010-07-07 21:39:06 < cdl_> PooBah, for you G&S fans.
2010-07-07 21:39:10 < augmented4th> I don't think so, given how many times we're stating explicitly how many members are on th Board
2010-07-07 21:39:27 < pacneil> ok, IPP is out
2010-07-07 21:39:42 < augmented4th> k, good
2010-07-07 21:39:44 < augmented4th> just simpler
2010-07-07 21:39:53 < pacneil> two DaL's
2010-07-07 21:40:08 < augmented4th> typographical note in 7: the "a)" in 7/a/4 needs to be removed
2010-07-07 21:40:20 < augmented4th> since there's no b), it's just #4
2010-07-07 21:40:49 < pacneil> any changes to Section B?
2010-07-07 21:41:02 < augmented4th> err, I was referring to 7/b/4 above
2010-07-07 21:41:27 < pacneil> section C?
2010-07-07 21:41:38 < pacneil> trying to move things along here
2010-07-07 21:41:58 < augmented4th> 7/c/2: "regularly schedule meetings"
2010-07-07 21:41:59 < pacneil> Section C,2 remove monthly
2010-07-07 21:42:03 < augmented4th> again, remove referencs to monthly
2010-07-07 21:42:38 < pacneil> else?
2010-07-07 21:42:49 < augmented4th> 7/c/3 is the sane as 6/c, so I think it should go
2010-07-07 21:43:01 < augmented4th> oh wait, never mind
2010-07-07 21:43:12 < augmented4th> 6/c is member mtgs, 7/c/3 is board mtgs
2010-07-07 21:43:15 < augmented4th> leave it
2010-07-07 21:43:53 < pacneil> Section D remove special member types
2010-07-07 21:44:19 < pacneil> oops
2010-07-07 21:44:21 < augmented4th> That's in Article 6, I already did that
2010-07-07 21:44:28 < pacneil> page scrolled up on me
2010-07-07 21:44:44 < augmented4th> nothing else in A7 I see
2010-07-07 21:45:02 < pacneil> A8?
2010-07-07 21:45:13 < cdl_> As we get to VIII Committees. We either say "we don't need no stinkin committees" or have a lot to do.
2010-07-07 21:45:14 < augmented4th> A8: remove references to Audit & Budget/Finance
2010-07-07 21:45:25 < pacneil> Should we remove Section A?
2010-07-07 21:45:49 < augmented4th> well, I see a point to Membership & Internet committees
2010-07-07 21:45:58 < pacneil> Ok
2010-07-07 21:46:14 < augmented4th> though Membership COmmittee duties might be assigned to either secretary or treasurer
2010-07-07 21:46:27 < augmented4th> (as we did with Audit & B/F before)
2010-07-07 21:46:33 < tessier> Yeah.
2010-07-07 21:46:39 < pacneil> Committees could be strictly ad hoc
2010-07-07 21:46:49 < pacneil> We don't really need any, do we?
2010-07-07 21:46:51 < tessier> We're too small to have standing committees.
2010-07-07 21:47:03 < cdl_> Well, don't we have a membership person in KPLUG?
2010-07-07 21:47:09 < augmented4th> I think we need to explicitly state that a Webmaster & Backup should be appointed, so why not call it the Internet Committee?
2010-07-07 21:47:14 < pacneil> membership person, yes
2010-07-07 21:47:38 < augmented4th> but SIG Liaison can be done away with as well
2010-07-07 21:47:40 < Alowishus> but webmaster could be overlapped with execs
2010-07-07 21:47:50 < Alowishus> so could membership actually
2010-07-07 21:48:05 < Alowishus> just thinking, don't make ti specifically tied to a DaL, ust to make life easy
2010-07-07 21:48:11 < pacneil> I think we could just remove all of Article VII
2010-07-07 21:48:25 < pacneil> 8
2010-07-07 21:48:29 < pacneil> not 7
2010-07-07 21:48:31 < augmented4th> Alowishus: though we can't apply webmaster to a specific office, as the person who wants to do it might be in a different position each year
2010-07-07 21:48:45 < Alowishus> augmented4th: right.... so yeah, Internet Committee that's appointed
2010-07-07 21:48:55 < Alowishus> sorry I misread what you first typed
2010-07-07 21:49:06 < Alowishus> thought you meant explicitly state those as DaL duteis
2010-07-07 21:49:07 < Alowishus> duties
2010-07-07 21:49:23 < augmented4th> I agree that calling it a Committee seems a little too official, especially since it's the only one left
2010-07-07 21:49:41 < augmented4th> but I don't see where else it would fit
2010-07-07 21:49:53 < augmented4th> I'll amend A8 to refer only to Webmaster duties somehow
2010-07-07 21:49:55 < Alowishus> only one?  I thought two - Website and Membership
2010-07-07 21:50:01 < Alowishus> committee = primary and backup?
2010-07-07 21:50:25 < augmented4th> well, Membership could easily be assigned specifically to either Treasurer or Secretary
2010-07-07 21:50:28 < cdl_> Possibly primary and backup also for Membership "committee".
2010-07-07 21:51:01 < Alowishus> augmented4th: agreed, but if left generally as a "committed" consisting of "at least a primary and backup" then it's at board discretion to assign wherever appropriate for the current makeup
2010-07-07 21:51:04 < cdl_> Treasurer doesn't want to be also Membership person.  Separation of these two functions works well for KPLUG.
2010-07-07 21:51:07 < Alowishus> s/committed/committee
2010-07-07 21:51:22 < augmented4th> OK, Membership and Internet as standing commitees, with a provision for creating ad-hoc committees as necessary
2010-07-07 21:51:30 < Alowishus> I realize *current* treasurer doesn't, but I'm just thinking how to make language general and easy to apply to future board setups
2010-07-07 21:51:46 < cdl_> Separation of duties is still a good idea.
2010-07-07 21:51:49 < augmented4th> right
2010-07-07 21:51:57 < augmented4th> for the same reason as Webmaster/Internet
2010-07-07 21:52:22 < augmented4th> so I'll just re-write A8
2010-07-07 21:52:30 < augmented4th> and I hane no notes for the rest of the document
2010-07-07 21:52:36 < augmented4th> s/hane/have/
2010-07-07 21:52:56 < cdl_> What do we do with Article IX which basically talks about SIO
2010-07-07 21:53:05 < cdl_> SIGs that is.  Hit the wrong key.
2010-07-07 21:53:09 < augmented4th> though we might want to specifically say something somewhere about virtual vs. in-person meetings
2010-07-07 21:53:20 < augmented4th> cdl_: understandable :)
2010-07-07 21:53:44 < augmented4th> though I say leave it
2010-07-07 21:54:05 < augmented4th> there are a few things I'd like to change in SIG Guidelines, but that's not why we're meeting tonight
2010-07-07 21:54:40 < cdl_> Maybe we need to set the next meeting time (and agenda) and finish up for tonight.
2010-07-07 21:55:03 < pacneil> When would you like to meet again here?
2010-07-07 21:55:13 < augmented4th> I consider the bylaws to be effectively covered, and I'll gladly amend/post the results of our discussion
2010-07-07 21:55:35 < augmented4th> SBUX employee just told me I should get out :)
2010-07-07 21:56:00 < pacneil> We'll discuss the next meeting by email
2010-07-07 21:56:06 < augmented4th> we'll see each other tomorrow evening if nothing else
2010-07-07 21:56:10 < pacneil> I have to go too
2010-07-07 21:56:11 < pacneil> true
2010-07-07 21:56:16 < augmented4th> and I'll actually be there for a change
2010-07-07 21:56:19 < augmented4th> ttyl guys
2010-07-07 21:56:24 < cdl_> bye all
2010-07-07 21:56:25 -!- You're now known as aug4_away
2010-07-07 21:56:28 < pacneil> by
2010-07-07 21:56:30 < pacneil> bye
2010-07-07 21:56:52 < pacneil> we did actually get some work done in two hours
2010-07-07 21:57:36 < Alowishus> yes very good
2010-07-07 21:57:43 < Alowishus> I gotta scoot too
2010-07-07 21:58:46 -!- cdl_ [~chatzilla@cpe-66-75-18-43.san.res.rr.com] has left #SDCS []
2010-07-07 21:59:03 -!- Alowishus [~jpenix@99-150-248-225.lightspeed.sndgca.sbcglobal.net] has left #SDCS []
